Update recommended maximum database instances (#30641)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/dbm-mysql-agent-config-examples.en.md

### One agent connecting to multiple hosts
It is common to configure a single Agent host to connect to multiple remote database instances (see [Agent installation architectures](/database_monitoring/architecture/) for DBM). To connect to multiple hosts, create an entry for each host in the MySQL integration config.

> Datadog recommends using one Agent to monitor no more than 30 database instances.
> 
> Previous benchmarks show that one Agent running on a `t4g.medium` EC2 instance (2 CPUs and 4GB of RAM) can successfully monitor 30 RDS `db.t3.medium` instances (2 CPUs and 4GB of RAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Datadog recommends using one Agent to monitor no more than 30 database instances.<br /><br />Benchmarks show that one Agent running on a `t4g.medium` EC2 instance (2 CPUs and 4GB of RAM) can successfully monitor 30 RDS `db.t3.medium` instances (2 CPUs and 4GB of RAM).</div>
```
Two things here:
- I suggested removing the phrase "Previous benchmarks," because I'm concerned that people might get distracted wondering what the benchmarks are previous _to_, and thus wonder if they're out of date
- I tried putting the additional information about database instance quantities in a little alert box, which I thought made it easier to see these separate paragraphs as a sort of unified parenthetical. It would look like this:
  <img width="763" height="327" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c93fe80-1f38-4ba8-81bd-49dec150f405" />

Author: Yep, I think that looks great. I updated all three to match and removed the ticks since they don't seem to work in the info box.
